Brother Sunan, return the child to me
Nan is his mother
He is the duck that Brother Song Nan cheated on back then
This child is his too
Brother Nan, why are you still entangled with him?
I'm not messing with him
What do you want?
Brother Nan, our children are so old
Why don't we be together?
Isn't what I told you yesterday clear enough, sister?
You were the one who wanted to sleep with her
You still have to have the baby, right?
Brother Nan
I think your family is in good condition.
Don't marry me
Give me a billion.
Let's forget about it
Why don't you grab 100 million?
I told you what's going on, don't let him come back
This melon is quite big
Don't you think this is asking for trouble now?
Hmph, Brother Song Nan
A notorious one
The woman who is also haunted by ducks
I see how you can still steal my parents from me
I thought he fixed it, who knows?
The guilty duck comes to the door
It was so exciting
Oh, that's so embarrassing.
This kid is too pitiful.
If my dad were a duck
I would have been killed long ago, hahaha.
So embarrassing, so embarrassing
Shameful stuff
I shouldn't have let you come today
Now you get out of here
Hello president
The woman that night was Brother Song Nan
The results of the paternity test also came out Song Zhaozhao
It is indeed your son.
Bring the paternity test
Hurry up and turn around and go to the Song family